EBcL SDK 1.3 (#20)
Elektrobit/ebcl_template: docs/overview.md

# Overview

EB corbos Linux built on Ubuntu is a long-term maintained embedded Linux distribution focused on automotive ECUs. Elektrobit can provide security patches for a frozen package set for up to 15 years on quite low pricing. To realize this, Elektrobit partners with Canonical. EB corbos Linux uses many Ubuntu packages, qualifies these packages for automotive embedded use-cases in reference images, and adds additional embedded optimized components, to create an industry grade embedded Linux build toolkit.

> In contrast to IT Linux distributions, EB corbos Linux allows a user to create a completely customer specific image from scratch in a reproducible way. This is realized using this SDK. A free variant of EB corbos Linux is available at the [Elektrobit homepage](https://www.elektrobit.com/products/ecu/eb-corbos/linux-built-on-ubuntu/). To kick-start the development of new ECUs, a full EB corbos Linux release also contains pre-qualified reference images which already implement typical automotive use-cases. The free variant doesn't contain proprietary hardware drivers or pre-qualified reference images. Please contact [Elektrobit sales](https://www.elektrobit.com/contact-us/) to get a full evaluation package of EB corbos Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast to general purpose Linux distributions, EB corbos Linux allows a user to create a completely customer specific image from scratch in a reproducible way. This is realized using this SDK. A free variant of EB corbos Linux is available at the [Elektrobit homepage](https://www.elektrobit.com/products/ecu/eb-corbos/linux-built-on-ubuntu/). To kick-start the development of new ECUs, a full EB corbos Linux release also contains pre-qualified reference images which already implement typical automotive use-cases. The free variant doesn't contain proprietary hardware drivers or pre-qualified reference images. Please contact [Elektrobit sales](https://www.elektrobit.com/contact-us/) to get a full evaluation package of EB corbos Linux.
```

Consider changing from "IT" to "general purpose" in the entire documentation.

Author: Fixed.
